git clone https://github.com/encasherr/tech-assessment.git

v1:
ec2-18-221-221-15.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com
v2:
ec2-18-225-36-130.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com
vc3:
ec2-18-219-121-22.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com
vc4:
http://ec2-52-15-255-43.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com:3001/
ec2-user@ec2-18-217-76-186.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com

ec2-user

http://ec2-18-221-221-15.us-east-2.compute.amazonaws.com:3001/skills

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JgSLf-HS5gg

Encasherr github:
encasherr@gmail.com
encasherr
Action@7654321

packages being removed for cleanup activity from client app:
"draft-js": "^0.10.5",
"draftjs-to-html": "^0.8.4",
"html-to-draftjs": "^1.4.0",
"react-draft-wysiwyg": "^1.13.2",

TODO:
1. Done: Display question numbers in simulator - both current and total e.g. 5 / 20.
2. Done: In test console, in reports tab, show list of candidates that have taken the test and their scores as well as results.
3. Done: testLanding page should have instructions of taking the test and Start Test button.
4. Done: Create a FAQ page for candidates to refer to for taking online test.
5. Done: Load all data in the dashboard.
6. Done: Collect candidate name while sending invitation.
7. Synchronize the email template between UI and server side.
8. Done: Remove double quotes that are displayed for field values in UI for all data.
9. Add standard data grid in all screens, with filter feature.
10. Delete the related questions from test when question is deleted.
11. Change back link text on test console screen to match invitaions/tests.
12. Done: Define organization master.. having org code.
13. Done: Map each new user in ta_users table to org code.
14. Done: Filter MCQs to be displayed by current user's org code.
15. Done: Permissions for admin:
    add organization
    add user for any organization
    send invitation
    add category
    add skill
    add mcq
    add test
    view all tests
    view all mcqs
    view all users
    view all organizations
16. Done: Permissions for orgadmin:
    send invitation
    add user for own organization
    add category
    add skill
    add mcq
    add test
    view org and admin tests
    view org and admin mcqs
    view org users
17. Done: Permissions for staff:
    add mcq
    add test
    view org and admin tests
    view org and admin mcqs
    view org users
18. Users list grid, handle cancel editing
19. Add filter in Question selector popup to filter by skill, category
20. Add settings in test console: invite sender email, on send invite, ask password
21. Done: Fix the time format of "Test completed on" of candidate
22. Show the count of records in MCQ list, Test MCQ list, Invitation list, Candidate list, Test list
23. Done: Add new screen for showing the candidate response on a given test
24. Check why Evaluate button appears in Test->Candidates screen even if result is already evaluated, refer invitation screen query
25. Remove test name column from Test->Candidates screen grid
26. Add select all button in MCQ selector popup, to select all and add them to the test. Note that only displayed MCQs are added.
27. Restrict a test from being submitted more than once.
28. When an organisation is added, add organisation admin as well. Ask for the required details.
29. See how formatting of question and answer can be retained. From MCQ page and also from excel upload.
30. Candidate details tab does not show correct score percentage.
31. Same candidate same test invitation should not be sent, instead reminder should be sent or the old invitation should be cancelled
32. Introduce in Test Settings that who should receive test results, once evaluated
33. Have a feature to genrerate Pdf report of test results which can be downloaded by org admin
34. MCQ Library home page - 
    if current user is recruiter, Show all skills from 'recruitment' category on left side which user can use to filter
    if current user is teacher, Show all subjects from 'academic' category on left side which user can use to filter
    user can see questions posted by him / his organisation or institute / admin
35. MCQ selector of Test console - 
    if current user is recruiter, Show all skills from 'recruitment' category on left side which user can use to filter
    if current user is teacher, Show all classes from academic category and then show subjects from selected class 
    on left side which user can use to filter
    user can select from questions posted by him / his organisation or institute / admin
    default the score of each question to 5 and leave an option for user to amend it
36. Test settings -
    test duration is mandatory - can be edited
    test name/title is mandatory
    test category is default to 'recruitment' for recruiters and 'academic' for teachers
    for recruitment test:
    - test skill is mandatory
    for academic test:
    - class is mandatory
    - test subject is mandatory
37. Add MCQ -
    For recruiter:
    skill is mandatory
    category is default to 'recruitment'
    no score is required
    For teacher:
    class is mandatory
    subject is mandatory
    no score is required
    allow choices to be edited or removed once added
38. Placeholder for adding "Match the following" question type
    - [requirements]
/* Features that can be provided */
=> An automated application screening.
=> Suggest the best matching candidates.
=> Suggest the best matching jobs.
=> Invite matching candidate.
=> Promote jobs on free job boards, social media, website.
=> Automate notifications and task management.

/* Revenue generating features */
A. Increase website audience to an extent that businesses like Employers, Schools, Coaching institutes find the website useful
enough to find candidates there


/* Hosting Contest - workflow */
Concerned team shares website link in public
Interested people visit the site - consider P1 as one of them
P1 visits the site home page
P1 finds a list of upcoming challenges
Challenges can be referred as Tests or Exams also.
Each challenge is sponsored by one or more recruiters.
Based on the outcome of response evaluaton of all candidates, a top 10 list of candidates will be 
shortlisted and their profiles and responses will be shared with the recruiters.
The candidate would make to top 10 only if he has obtained minimum passing marks.

Each recruiter can pick up at least 3 candidates to select for next round.
Next round can be any of the below exercises (depends on recruiter which of these they want):
- Coding Exercise
- Video Interview - Virtual interview where candidate's video is recorded and he is asked questions
by the virtual bot. For each question, bot will wait for candidate to start talking and will ask next 
question only when candidate is done talking. Bot will allow max one minute for candidate to start talking 
after the question is asked.
The whole video conversation will be saved for future reference, to evaluate the candidate's performance.
The video interview questions can be selected by recruiter from a question bank of the list of skills expected from 
the candidate.

Each challenge will have following details displayed: an example challenge below

Title: Oracle PL/SQL Developer challenge
Skills Required: Oracle PL/SQL
Desired Experience: 3 - 6 years
Duration: 30 minutes
Questions: 30
Starts At: 10-Aug-2021 11 AM IST
Requires Video Camera On: Yes
Action buttons:
Register - 
 If P1 is already signed up on website, his user id will be registered for the test else it opens signup popup
 Visible for logged in / not logged in users
 Not visible to already registered users
Start Test - 
 Opens Exam Simulator in new tab
 Visible to only users registered for the test
 Visible only at Start time, till then it shows "You are registered for this test"
 

Testing Strategy:
Create 5 candidate user accounts.
Create 5 tests each of different skills. Each skill should have its own question bank.
Each test should be of 30-40 MCQs. The question bank should contain at least 50 questions and each test can contain
only 30 of the questions from question bank. When the candidate appears for test, he would get the questions in 
a random order and the order may be saved for future reference.
When user signs up to the website, he/she is asked for only below details:
Full name, Email, password
Once signed up, he/she can enroll for as many tests as they like.
Once enrolled for a test, exam can be started at the exam time only.
If the exam requires video camera to be on, user cannot proceed by denying camera permissions. 
The video recording is saved and should be available for future reference by recruiter.
Once submitted the test response, user will see a Thank you page mentioning that they will soon receive an email 
from the recruiter.

https://gototraining.webex.com/gototraining/k2/j.php?mtid=tb939a59639fd22f2ff200d7b30122f01

http://devnull.crankuptheamps.com/training-connect/vnc.html?host=15.206.178.78&port=6080&encrypt=0&scaling=remote